[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[Clark]
Chico Bon Bon and the Fast Food Fiasco.
Cleaning day status check.
How's everyone doing?
Laundry folded.
Tools organized.
Floor sponged.
And the dirty dishes are almost clean.
What do you mean?
There's loads of dirty dishes.
[laughs] Not after I turn on
my latest invention:
the amazing Dish Doer Deluxe.
Just place your dishes in the sink
and the Dish Doer does the rest
in four easy steps.
Spray it.
Scrub it.
Dry it.
-[beeps]
-Stack it.
-Awesome use of automation, Chico.
-Oh, thanks.
-Auto-- what now?
-Automation.
It's when a machine does something
all by itself so you have time to,
oh, I don't know...
practice sponge-skating!
[action music playing]
Auto-mazing.
Well, once these dishes are clean,
we can eat some lunch.
I am hungry.
[Betty] Did you say hungry?
[in Italian accent] Announcing the newest
fast food item to excite your taste buds!
Betty! What are you talking about?
Isn't this just a burrito?
No, Freddy. It's so much more!
It's a pizzarito!
Mamma mia! It's like a burrito
and a pizza all in one.
Must have.
Yummy, yum, yum!
Fix-It Force, let's gear up and go!
Out to lunch.
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
[action music playing]
Whoa! [grunts]
Whoa!
[grunts]
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
I can't wait to eat a pizzarito! Oh!
This is Neil Ostrich
and today I'm in line for a pizzarito,
the lunch craze sweeping Blunderburg.
How long will I wait?
However long it takes.
The line for pizzaritos is so long.
This is going to take forever.
Agh, I thought this was supposed
to be fast food.
Oh, you're telling me.
I've been waiting since this morning.
-I've been waiting since last night.
-Aye've been waiting since last week.
Food shouldn't take this long to prepare.
-The Lemurettis might need some help.
-[phone rings]
-Hello?
-Fix-It Force, we need your help.
[whispering] I knew it.
I mean, we're on our way.
Fix-It Force, time to roll some dough.
Oh, Fix-It Force,
thank goodness you're here.
We've got so many customers.
It's terrible.
Uh, isn't having a lot of customers
a good thing?
Not if we can't keep up
with all of the orders.
Hey, uh, how long's
this pizzarito going to take?
You've got to help us.
Don't worry, the Fix-It Force
can solve any problem.
I just hope you solve it
before people start getting hangry.
"Hangry"? What's that?
Hangry. When you feel hungry
and angry at the same time.
-Dr. Merv joins us now to tell us more.
-Thank you, Neil.
My hangry meter shows
that everything's all right for now,
but if these folks don't eat soon,
this neat little line could turn into a
grumpy tummy-rumbly ziggy-zaggy disaster!
-[rumbling]
-A rumbling development.
Let's hope we eat soon.
All right, to help you solve this problem,
let's see how you make pizzaritos
from start to finish.
Easy. There are three simple steps
to making a pizzarito.
Observe.
Step one: melt the cheese
and add it to your crust.
-Step two: roll it up.
-But there's nothing in it.
That's right,
because step three is fill it.
Jam all the pizza sauce and the veggies
and the beans in wherever you can.
[clears throat] Excuse me.
Ooh, I think I see your problem.
Attention, this pizzarito is out of order.
[gasps] Out of order?
Uh-huh, we need to rearrange the steps
to make the process faster.
[Chico] You see, right now your order is
melt it, roll it, fill it.
But what if your order was
fill it, roll it, melt it?
Oh, mwah!
Step one: fill it.
Add some sauce, beans, veggies
and top it off with some un-melted cheese.
Yummy!
Step two: roll it.
Step three: melt it.
I don't believe it.
An almost finished pizzarito.
Almost? We did all three steps.
What did we miss?
Our final secret step.
An ingredient we've perfected
over many years.
Boop!
The right "boop" adds that personal touch
that makes a pizzarito taste mwah!
Mmm, booped to perfection!
Now that the steps are in order,
we'll be churning out these pizzaritos
in no time.
Okay, team, let's go!
[Freddy] Oh, hey. Excuse me.
I just need to...
-[Rainbow Thunder] Oh, excuse me.
-[Chico] Pardon me.
-[grunts]
-Can you scooch over?
Mmm! Please stop!
This doesn't seem faster at all.
When everyone does everything
at the same time, we bump into each other.
What do we do?
We're gonna whip out our umbrella,
'cause it's time for a brainstorm.
Okay, how do we get pizzaritos made
without crashing into each other?
We can put on our rocket skates
and have a pizzarito race.
Whoever makes a pizzarito first, wins.
That makes me dizzy
just thinking about it.
What if we each take turns
making a whole pizzarito?
We can stand in line and
cheer each other on and maybe--
Stand in line.
Wait. What if each of us are in charge
of one step in the pizzarito process?
Like some kind of putting-together row.
Of course!
There's actually a name for that.
An assembly line.
Now, because we're each
in charge of one step,
we won't get in each other's way
and it'll be super fast.
Okay, people.
Let's get this assembly line going.
Fill it.
Roll it.
Melt it.
-[microwave dings]
-Wow, this is fast.
Oh. Boop.
Wow, at this speed we'll have
all the pizzaritos done in no time.
Ah, fill it.
Roll it.
[snoring]
What's the hold up?
We still got lots of pizzaritos to make.
Ah! Uh! Ah! I'm up. Melt it.
We're doing the best we can,
but we're not machines.
We're getting tired.
When I'm this exhausted,
there's only one thing I need.
A nap?
A banana.
[dings]
[Chico] Okay, when we put
the steps in the right order,
-we perfected the process.
-[ding]
It didn't work when we all made
pizzaritos at the same time.
-[buzzer]
-An assembly line made the process faster,
-but we slowed down when we got tired.
-[buzzer]
-We're not machines.
-[Chico] Hmm, machines.
Machines... Machines!
A machine could do the job all by itself.
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We'll use automation to make
an automated pizzarito maker.
It'll be just like the Dish Doer Deluxe,
except with pizzaritos.
We can use a conveyor belt
to make a machine that performs
each step in our assembly line.
It'll make the food all by itself,
without ever slowing down.
Just hurry. I think the customers
are getting hangrier.
Many of us in line
are still without a pizzarito!
[Dr. Merv] And the hangry meter
continues to rise.
I'm getting hangry!
And when I get hangry, I stomp my foot.
When I get hangry, I cluck like a chicken.
[clucking]
Oh, when I get hangry, I sing the news.
♪ Waiting in line is such a pain ♪
♪ And the weather forecast says
It's gonna rain ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
[thunder rumbles]
Don't worry, Lemurettis,
we'll solve your problem in a jiffy-jaff.
Lemurettis, may I present
your new automated pizzarito maker.
[Clark] Fill it.
Roll it.
Melt it.
Boop it.
Wow, in record time.
Hmm. It looks like a pizzarito.
[sniffs] It smells like a pizzarito.
Mm-hmm,  mm-hmm.
Agh!
But it doesn't taste like a pizzarito.
Why not?
It's been booped all wrong.
We can't serve this.
We've gotta serve something.
Betty, can you re-boop it?
Uh... I can try. Boop.
Now that's a mwah!
Okay then. Betty will do the boops.
Boop.
♪ Pizzarito on the brain
Driving me insane ♪
[clucking]
♪ Pizzarito, pizzarito! ♪
Boop.
♪ Driving me insane ♪
[all] Ah!
Hangry levels are returning to normal.
And while it may have been maddening,
everyone agrees
these pizzaritos were worth the wait.
Thank you, Fix-It Force.
You've solved another one
of our food fiascoes. Bravo.
Oh, glad we could help
with your pizzarito problem-o.
And thanks to automation,
now we have time to, oh, I don't know...
have a pizzarito race!
First one to make a pizzarito wins.
Eh, I think I'll just have seconds.